I didn't have the talent, but I I worked
so hard. When people tell you you can't
do this, you can't do that. You have to
believe in yourself. Words can't
describe the feeling of the Olympic gold
medal. He used to beat on me a lot. My
brother, you know, Roger, he just I
mean, he hit me. I said, I start crying.
I cried all the time. the greatest US
boxing team in Olympic history as not
only Ray won the gold medal but four
teammates won the gold medal.
>> This world from dragging me down going
to stand.
>> I just want to do THIS
[laughter]
>> just
making sure it still works.
>> Thank you very much. So we're going to
box the next five minutes. I think we're
we're going to see what happens.
[laughter] Um, yes. I don't think it's
going to go well for me. Yes. But we
might wrestle. Do we wrestle?
>> Are you okay with that shot?
>> Um, yes. I am good. I thank you for
pulling the punch because I am clear
that that not would not have felt good
if it did. No, of course I am.
>> I do. So, yes,
>> it was amazing. So,
I I the honor that this is, the
privilege this is um is amazing. And but
the truth is that um I can't imagine
this is going to be any better than what
happened last night. But I'll do my best
because sitting next to Sugar Leonard at
the Peppercorn's restaurant, which was a
half a mile away from where I started
this crazy journey, quit my job, open my
first law firm. I used to go there twice
a week to have lunch. I love it. We're
in the back, you know, in a beautiful
private area. and the love, the empathy,
the fun, the presence. The man flew in
exhausted. I had no thought that he
would even go to dinner last night. And
there he is at dinner. And I'm sitting
next to him shoulder-to-shoulder. He's
like bumping into me. He's fun, magical,
heart-c centered, a master of masters.
So, um, and I will not call you. I don't
want to get punched again. So, not I
will not I will not call you Mr.
Actually, I do want to get punched
again. I would love I would love if you
punched me like 10 more times. That
would be amazing because then I could
like go home and be like, you know, I
could take pictures and have a black eye
and say, "Sugar Leonard gave it to me."
So, [laughter] it's amazing. So, Mr.
Leonard, just how are you? Like, how is
life? Like, what's going on? What are
you up to, please? I know you told me
last night, but what do you want to tell
these people about where your life is
now? And then we'll go back to the
beginning.
>> You know, I I just feel so blessed
from where I've been, from what I've
done,
from what I created.
Um,
the thing about it, I'm I'm shy,
non-confrontational,
but sociable, if that makes any sense.
But you know what, guys? Um, I'm a
blessed man.
>> I mean, from what I've done, from where
I've been, from what took place from day
one,
um, it's like when I won the gold medal
in the Olympics, I mean, there was
nothing nothing compared to that. I
mean, winning the gold medal because we
were not expected to win anything and we
won five gold medals.
>> Yeah.
>> But coming home,
my whole vision was to go to the
University of Maryland, further my
education, get a good job, take care of
my my wife and my kids, my family.
But you know what? It got even better
than that. You know, I was able to
inspire people. Uh because people tell
you what they can't do. They say you
can't do this, you can't do that. But
you know what? You have to believe in
yourself because if you don't, no one
else will.
>> What's here for that? And and so so Rey,
and this is what he asked me to call
him. I would call Mr. Leonard. And he
threatened to punch me again if I called
him Mr. Leonard. Um but Rey could have
gone to the University of Maryland on an
academic scholarship. He's a brilliant
man and he did not want to box
professionally after the Olympics. His
goal was to represent our country and to
win the Olympic gold medal and after he
did to be complete but then you know he
had his his dad and his mom, his family
and the beautiful things he wanted to
do. So he went into professional boxing.
Um but is there anything from your
childhood, Rey, they'd want this group
to know about how that began to form and
shape who you were? anything in your
your childhood growing up in Maryland or
do you want to jump right into you know
leading up to the Olympics and you know
your boxing career?
>> Well, I tried out for the 1972 Olympics.
>> I wasn't as u experienced qualified
um but I I went through it. um
the 76 Olymp I mean it was meant to I
tell you it was meant to be because
first of all I mean I didn't have the
talent I thought but I I worked so hard
you know again I I hate to be redundant
but
when people tell you you can't do this
you can't do that you have to believe in
yourself
>> yeah and Ray didn't you didn't if if I
recall if I if I don't remember this
right then just tell But didn't you have
an older brother
>> that used to
>> Yeah.
>> And didn't he used to beat up on you a
little bit growing up and then that
changed?
>> He beat he used to beat on me a lot.
[laughter]
>> My brother, you know, Roger, he just
mean he hit me. I said I start crying. I
cried all the time. [laughter]
Uh but I go to my mom. I said, "Do hit
me." She said, "Sweetheart, punch him
back. I punch him back." And
He took me to the boxing gym and I was
introduced to boxing and I was doing
this like this and
I said I don't want to do this anymore.
>> But then again, you know, it was
God-given. I mean, I I believe in God.
No question about that.
>> And I pray every day, every single day.
Uh
even before a fight, I pray before a
fight. And I don't pray the way I pray
no one gets hurt except with brother
Duran [laughter]
>> which he did write in the book that is a
line in the book is like I never want
anybody get hurt. I always prayed that
nobody would get hurt except Roberto
Durant and it was like this great
cliffhanger and then came back later.
>> No, that's a hate I said
but but we're friends now. So, and so
Rey, do you like is there was there a
time do you remember when what it was
like when you when Roger couldn't beat
up on you anymore
>> and now you were able to beat up on
Roger? Like is that did that is that
something that you recall or it's not
really something that was meant
something to you?
>> Oh, no. No. Come up again. My brother,
he was I love my brother, but he he used
to just smack me upside the head just
because I was sitting there. Uh, you
ever experienced that, guys? Huh? Yeah.
Yeah. And I mean, I'm I'm cry. I always
go to my mom. Always go to my my mother.
And then one day, one one year, one one
month, one, I just said, I want to be a
good boxer, a great boxer. And I I love
Muhammad Ali, and I love Joe Frasier.
And I used to fight like Joe Frasier.
And then when I saw Joe Frasier fight
Ali and I saw his after the fight, it
was like punched up everything. I
started fighting like Muhammad Ali
>> because I think you you said you you
didn't want your face to look like Joe
Frasier. You wanted your face to look
like Muhammad Ali.
>> Muhammad Ali. Yeah. Yeah. And my name my
real name is Ray Charles Leonard. My
mother named me after Ray Charles. I I
can't see.
>> I can't just Well, in the in the shower
I can see. It sounds good. But no, I
tell you, I try to be as humorous as as
I possibly can be because sometimes I
take things too deeply,
>> you know, and I don't know if that makes
sense or not, but you know, it's
>> Yeah.
>> I keep saying life is what you make it.
>> And so did when you and team do we have
MJ uh tank, do we have a couple clips
ready or we do not?
>> Amazing. So, is it okay if we if we step
into a couple of different clips from
your past? Is that okay? And we show
them on the screen.
>> Well, the ones I want.
>> Uh, yes. Yeah. So, yes. Well, we we'll
do that. So, uh, maybe let's go with um
either the Olympics. If we can start
with the Olympics, great. If not, maybe
Wolfredo Bonitez. Do we have that team?
>> Thanks, Tink. Great job. Let's start
with the Olympics. Was that okay if we
uh
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. to show the Olympics. Now I'm
blind, so to me you look the same.
>> Yeah.
>> By this Cuban fight and I mean he can
>> that Cuban fighter is now in desperate
trouble. Another standing eight count.
There can be no other way. We're
counting down. 18 seconds. 17 seconds
left in the fight. 16 15 14. Ray Lennon
with the right leg on the left cleaning
up. The Cuban is ready to go. The
referee stops the contest. The crowd
goes wild.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
[applause]
>> You know what? You know what?
>> You
>> was generally D when I walked up here.
>> Yeah. You You think you can take me?
No. No. I'm I'm serious.
>> No. No. Come here. Come here. Come here.
Come here. Come here. Come here. Come
[cheering] here. [laughter]
>> Holy [__] I didn't
I didn't I didn't realize he was that
tall. Yeah.
>> Nobody ever does.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But But let me show you
something.
>> Chair.
>> Thank you. Oh,
>> thank you. That is amazing. So, uh,
>> no
>> yes, Lanch, you're okay, right?
[laughter]
[snorts]
>> Um, so do you remember that guy? That
guy in the Olympics? Do Do you remember
him?
>> Alderamus.
Is that Cuban?
>> Okay. Yes. That's what all those
>> I mean, do you remember the Sugar Ray
Leonard? That guy that won the Olympics.
Do you remember that guy?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Good. And how um how how did that
feel you like what what were you feeling
coming out of winning the gold medal?
>> Words can't describe the feeling of the
Olympic gold medal. You know, it was so
incredible.
It was it was just special,
very competitive, and it just
it it it made me who I am today. that
that that thought those that way of
thinking.
>> Yeah.
>> Because I whatever I do and get involved
with I'm so optimistic.
>> Same thing with boxing. Life is a fight.
>> Yeah.
>> Life is a fight. and
and and you and you were telling me that
um the toughest person you've ever
fought may not have been um some of the
people you'd think like who who is the
toughest person that you you ever have a
fight with?
my wife. [laughter]
[screaming]
[applause and cheering]
[laughter]
>> And And so Yes.
>> I'm I'm serious. [laughter]
>> I'm not. Huh? Yeah. Yes, we do. Yes, we
do.
>> Yeah. So, um
>> I love you, bro.
>> Yeah.
So we um and and this was super fun. So
um Ray's wife had set up um some martial
arts training fighting with this amazing
guy Baxter and Baxter tells a great
story about it that um he came and said,
"Hey, like what do you want to work on
today?" And um Ray, yeah. Do you want to
share what you you told Baxter you want
to work? Because he was gonna, you know,
there's kicking, punching, there's all
the things, but
>> Yeah. No, I said, "Hey, man. I want to
learn how to kick and I'm pretty good
with my hands." [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Baxter, where are you, Baxter? That's
That's my man Baxter.
>> Let's hear from Baxter.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, um Yeah. So in in 1976 Olympics,
much like we discussed for some of the
people have, I I recently had the
privilege of um spending time with Mike
Rousion uh from the 1980 miracle on ice
gold medal hockey team. And first of
all, he said his toughest fight was his
wife too. So that may be that may be a
thing to like talk to like Saudi Arab or
something. I'm not sure. But um what
also um was true is that Rey was
fighting against a professional as an
amateur because the Cubans like when
Mike Rouion played hockey against the
Soviets, they were professionals. So Ray
was an amateur young man fighting
against professionals. And this is why
nobody thought the 1980 Miracle and Ice
Team was going to win the gold medal and
they did. and nobody thought the United
States would ever have five gold
medalists. So, he's a group of I think
to this day the greatest US boxing team
in Olympic history as not only Ray won
the gold medal, but four teammates won
the gold medal. Like just completely
unprecedentedly insane. So, I just want
to make sure that that's clear. Let's
hear for that by the way.
And thank you. Thank you for that. And
then um would it be okay if we showed a
clip from when you fought Wilfredo
Bonitez? I think we have that. Is that
okay with you?
>> Yeah, I won that.
>> I think so.
>> Okay.
>> I I I'm pretty sure cuz cuz it's 19 Hold
on a second team. 1979
and I am um I'm going to be a a a weeblo
like a cub scout and we have our blue
and gold dinner and I fight and fight
and fight and go from hello to yes with
my mom that I could miss my blue and
gold dinner and I could be there
watching somebody who is becoming a hero
of mine that I saw as a six-year-old win
the gold medal and now I'm 9 years old
and he is fighting um I believe it was
on WABC DC wide world of sports. He is
fighting for the welterweight
championship of the world. But he is
fighting against a guy who I think was
undefeated, Al Wilfredo Bonitez, who
would who at 17 years old had become the
youngest uh professional fighter to ever
win the uh a world heavyweight champ,
I'm sorry, a world championship in
boxing. And this is who Sugar Red
Lantern is going to fight against. And
some people are like, "That's gonna be a
pretty tough fight." So, how are you
feeling about going in to fight Alfredo
Bonitez? Um, how was that for you?
>> I was very optimistic,
>> but I I I thought I thought I always
think that way. You know, you just have
to believe in yourself
>> because if you don't, no one else will.
>> Amazing. All right. Yeah,
>> Tink, let's see what was going on in
1979.
>> [cheering]
[cheering]
>> He got him down again. It seemed almost
inevitable.
Look at rubbery leg. Wobbly looking at
the crowd. It doesn't dilute the courage
he's shown or the skills he's shown.
Maybe now they won't call Sugar Ray
Leonard a hype. There it is. He stopped
the
[screaming] Woo! [applause]
[cheering]
>> Yeah.
>> You know, and you know what happens,
folks? You heard Howard Coell say it.
They called Sugar and Leonard hype
because when you own yourself,
when you talk about who and what you
are, people say it's hype. But with this
man, what was it?
>> The truth. What was it?
>> The truth.
>> This man's the champ and that's the
truth. And he just beat a man that was a
champion of champions and he dismantled
him and became a champion. So, it's here
for Sugar Rail. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you.
>> And
and
so and Ray, you you and I I think you
and Howard Coell became friends. I mean,
is that right? How how' you how did you
Yeah. You want to tell us anything about
Howard Coell?
>> No. Howard was a a a dear friend of mine
and uh I mean respectfully I we
we spent a lot of time together and we
became friends and uh yes it was
special.
>> Yeah. And at some point late we'll get
that in a little bit but um is it okay
because I think it'll be I think it'll
help set up something else. Are you okay
if we show a little bit from Montreal or
is that not okay?
>> Montreal. Yes.
>> Okay. So, uh
>> Wanda, you remember?
>> Oh, but then was it Montreal also
Roberto Durant? Is that okay if we show
anything from Duran won? You'd rather
not do that?
>> I used to hate this.
>> I'm sorry.
[laughter]
>> Just you know, you don't ask people you
you don't like.
No, he because he would I mean he would
curse me. He would curse my wife. I mean
I No. Yes, he did. And I was like I'm
and I was so angry but he he he use
experience to kind of get into my head.
>> Yeah.
>> And I fought his fight. I fought his
kind of style because nor I normally I
move around the ring and I I well I
utilize the ring and I slip and slide.
But that time I was trying to just take
him out right away. But it happened the
other way.
>> Yeah. But it was
>> results.
>> Yeah. And so so
a lot of folks again like no matter what
you do, people are going to still say
you're not real. So he's the champ. And
now people are saying, well, he can't
beat Roberto Duran and you know, Sugar
Ray Leonard's not going to be able to
fight like Roberto Duran fights. Like
he's not a tough he's not tough. He's
just a boxer. And then what Ray is
saying is that he got um he got sort of
not sort of he got influenced by Duran
to fighting Duran's fight and standing
toeto- toe and he and Sugar Ray Leonard
fought an unbelievable fight and lost a
very very close decision that could have
gone either way. But let but we're going
to set up the punch line after this
where they fought a second time. But
let's just see the first one real quick.
Team, do we have that?
>> All right, Tank, go ahead, please. You
sure you have it? [laughter]
>> Birdie Leonard is flatfooted. He did not
come out to dance. He wants to go
toe-to-toe with him.
>> He's faking. He's slowly cutting. You
see that?
>> Oh, he took a hard left.
Leonard wants to trade with him. Leonard
wants to trade with him. And Durant is
willing to oblige.
>> [cheering]
>> He buckled Leonard and he feels it. He's
holding on. Leonard is in trouble.
Doesn't have to fight THE 15TH ROUND.
>> THERE'S the clock. Seven.
>> I can't believe it.
>> Six. I can't believe it.
>> Four. Durant thinks he has WON THE
FIGHT. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
It's over.
Bele was a maniac.
>> Yeah. So, close decision, doesn't win.
And remember what Ray said, Roberto
Duran like cursed his wife, said the
most vile crazy things. Like this wasn't
an act. I mean, this guy was a complete
maniac saying terrible things. And you
know um and I certainly read the book.
If you have not read um Sugar Lennon's
autobiography, it is absolutely amazing
and a must readad. It is on audible. I
don't recommend books often. It is so
powerful to go through the story and
it's read by um you know Sugar Leonard
himself. So I highly recommend it after
right after the fight you know [snorts]
what was what was that like for you
after the Durant fight?
>> Words can't really describe what I felt
like because I knew I felt I fought the
wrong fight.
But he got because boxing is not just
about punching guy. It's it's about
here. It's about here. about there. And
uh he he he beat me more physically, I
mean psychologically than he did
physically.
>> And I learned a big lesson from that.
And then and then what happened? What
took place like I asked for a rematch
and it was like less than six months
which is unprecedented because normally
fights of that significance.
>> Yeah. takes couple years before it
happens again. And uh I did something to
him. I I stuck my chin out and I did
this and hit with
>> Yeah. So So tank tank, we got do we have
uh
>> do we have Duran Leonard 2?
>> We got that tank.
>> Let's go. Let's hit it.
>> Show that.
>> Here we go.
[cheering]
>> [cheering]
>> What a fight [cheering]
and what a different pace establishing
his movement in the early going.
Establishing his ability occasionally to
work that jab. Leonard has fought a
totally different fight and not allowing
Durant to pull him against the ropes
every minute of every round the way
Durant did first time around
[cheering]
again. Octavio Meeron of Mexico, the
third man in the ring.
>> [cheering]
>> No posturing this round by Leonard.
[cheering]
>> I think people have underrated the
physical strength of Sugar Ray Leonard.
He is much stronger than his body
appears.
[cheering]
You see the time
>> the pace has slackened in this round. It
would have had to. I think
that time it was Leonard who was holding
[cheering]
>> keeps those hands moving
>> right there. A good left.
>> [cheering]
>> A good right. [cheering]
>> He is working Durant effectively
and Durant must resort to pulling in.
[cheering]
And he does.
>> [cheering]
>> He was
[cheering]
He was so mad. [applause]
>> Let's hear it for Sugar Ray Leonard.
[applause]
So So
I
cried. I was so grateful when this
happened.
And my dad,
who we rooted for, all the same people
in teams,
was rooting for Roberto Durant.
>> Yeah.
>> Where's my father?
>> Yeah. And Yeah. And so, so last night,
I'm telling Ray this last night, he's
like, "Let's call your dad." [laughter]
So, we get my dad on FaceTime last
night. He and Ray pulls his hat down
over his head. He's like, "Hey, Bobby."
He's like My dad's like, "Yeah." He's
like, "Hey, Bobby." He goes, "I want to
fight you." And he pulls up his he pulls
it out my back. And it was unbelievable.
Like, "Thank you so much for that." That
is imagine be able to do that for your
dad. Like how crazy that is. So great.
Like, "Thank you. Thank you for that."
Right. Right. Unbelievable.
>> And so, um, and so when the reason I
I'll give my perspective that I'll ask
his since he was there. Um, but my
perspective is the reason that Roberto
Duran quit, they call it the no Moss
fight. If you've heard of the no Moss
fight, say yes.
>> So they call it the no Moss fight. No
more because Rey, Roberto D Ranch had no
answer. So everything he was trying to
do, Sugar Ray Leonard was mo you just
saw the movement like he just couldn't
do what he wanted to do and it was just
he had Roberto Durant had no answer for
Sugar Ray Leonard and Ray was in his
head. He was taunting him. He was
putting his chin out. He was like bull
punching. He's doing all these things.
And Duran was getting angrier and
angrier and more and more to the point
he made this guy this stark raving
lunatic, somebody you call very
significance driven, very in the
language, I'll use the language that
people used about him, machismo, like
top level. He made him quit in front of
the world. Walk away and just quit.
That's what this man did.
>> [applause]
>> Thank you. Thank you. But [applause]
with his the man that cursed his wife.
Yeah. Let's hear. Let's get up for that.
[applause]
Thank you.
>> Let's hear that for you.
Let's hear that for you. What you did?
[applause]
So, and so and he made him quit though
with his fists. He made him quit with
his body, his feet, his movement. And he
made him quit with his mind and his
influence. He was influencing him.
Influencing him. Influencing him, by the
way, with integrity. And the influence
that Ray Leonard was bringing forward
was, "You can't beat me, man. And I'm
going to humiliate you. I'm going to
embarrass you, and you're going to have
more of it and more of it and more of it
and more of it to the point that he
quit." That's what he did. So, at least
that's my story. Uh, you were there. you
did it. Um, so please Ray, like what was
that like for you and what what do you
think act what do you want the audience
to know about what happened?
>> Well, words can't describe what took
place that particular night and because
Duran, you know, I mean I used to hate
that guy, man. Really [laughter] I used
to hate him and cuz all of a sudden and
it just happened spontaneously. I mean,
I was moving around. I did that.
People started laughing and I started
doing this and doing this and hitting
with that one.
>> And he was just so he it was just his
mentality made him quit. He was so mad
and so angry and I because I was making
people laugh and I was shuffling and
everything and doing this and
everything. Stick my chin out and
everything. It it worked. I mean, I
wouldn't always do that. I mean, I
wouldn't do that with Tommy against
Tommy Hearns. [laughter]
>> But that's that's hard work.
>> Amazing.
>> Strange.
>> And now, speaking of Tommy Hearns, do we
have uh anything from that, Tink?
>> Oh, wow.
>> I'm glad you brought Tommy Hearns up,
please.
>> And by the way, Tommy Hearns uh we
fought again a second time.
>> Tommy deserved to got the decision. I
mean, I it would call it was called a
draw,
>> but Tommy deserved that.
>> The win.
>> He was here for integrity.
[applause]
>> I've yet to I've yet to tell Tommy that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And you you could tell Tommy
that. Don't tell me that. And don't tell
my dad that because I because I fought
my dad to this day about that. So,
nobody tell my dad that Sugar Regulator
had said that.
>> Repeat that again. I'm sorry.
>> Repeat that. You said what now?
>> I I said that my dad, please don't tell
my dad that you think that Tommy Hearns
won.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz I've fought against my dad to say
that you won for my entire life. So, I
don't want my dad to win the argument.
So, please don't tell my dad.
>> Okay.
>> All right. We We all on the same page.
>> Yes. Thank you. So, don't tell Tommy
Hearns and don't tell my dad. Okay.
[laughter]
Um, so let's see it, Tank.
>> I'm sorry.
>> Must be way ahead on points.
>> He certainly is on my card and mine.
>> You're blowing it.
>> Let's pause it, Tank. Pause.
So that's Angelo Dundy who was trainer
for Sugar Leonard but not the only one.
He often came in later in the process
but he was in the corner and he ran the
corner. He was Muhammad Ali's trainer
like just unbelievable who crazy and in
that moment you heard him say you're
blowing it son you're blowing it son cuz
Sugar Ray Leonard was behind on points.
This is the first time he fights Tommy
Hearns. This is the next super fight of
his life and his career, right? And
Tommy Hearns is now people saying he's
going to that Sugar Ray Leonard can't
beat Tommy Hearns and Tommy Hearns this
massive, you know, puncher and they
called him the hitman. And now they're
fighting and Sugar Ray Leonard who
remember everybody's saying is a boxer
is a boxer. He's got to knock Tommy
Hearns out because he doesn't knock out
Tommy Hearns. Tommy Hearns is going to
win. So Tink.
Oh, what a hook by Hearn right
keeps coming on. He's a fool.
>> Letter takes the better punch.
>> 19 seconds to go. Kenny Weather.
>> I don't know.
>> He's hitting on the brakes. He's doing
everything. 12 seconds to go. H is in
desperate trouble.
>> The Bell cannot save him if it goes
down.
[cheering]
That has counted a knockdown.
>> He's letting time run out. It's time
that
>> Yes.
>> Now, [applause]
do we T do we have the end or we do not?
Mike, do we have the end?
>> What bud?
Okay. So then let's just get that and
we'll come back to it. Do we have Marvin
Haggler?
That silence means no. So Oh yeah. So
okay, Michael just be getting the end of
the Tommy Hearns fight when Sugarlander
knocks him out. Um coming up and then
we'll go Marvin Haggler first. But real
quick for everybody.
So what I think that represents for you
is there's privilege windows that open
up and your influence. And what Sugar
Ray Leonard did is he caused a moment of
a window to open. And when that window
opened, you're going to see it when we
show the rest of the ending of the fight
in the next round that he finishes. And
if you think what you just saw right
there was bad for Tommy Hearns, wait
till you see what happens in the ending
of what he does to Tommy Hearns because
the window open and this man finished.
And you got to finish. You got to finish
in the causing of Yes.
>> And this man finished. Let's hear for
that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. [applause]
So, and and Michael, just real quick,
Michael, how long do you think until we
can show the clip of the ending of the
the next round, the knockout?
>> Cool. Okay. So, um so how do you So,
when Angelo Dundee is saying, "You're
blowing it, kid." You know, you're
blowing it, kid. What are you feeling?
And what do you like? What are you even
thinking in that moment? Are you just
focused? like what's it like to be in
the 13th round? All these minutes, all
these punches going back and forth, you
know? What what's that like? You know,
please.
>> That's a that's an inner inner thing.
When Angelo he said the perfect words,
the perfect sense. You're blowing it on.
I mean, that was so simplified, but it
was real. And I knew I had to to really
get up and and go for more. You know,
it's it's it's an amazing thing or
amazing feeling. Especially in boxing.
>> I mean, it just
>> one of those moments those moments in
your life that that you have to
like succeed, push forward.
>> Yeah. Who Who is the toughest
fight that you ever had beside your
wife? Actually, actually like in the in
the ring, who was the
>> I mean, I'm not a joke. It's not a joke.
Now, [laughter]
so that's why I don't I don't I try to
laugh, but I don't laugh. Yeah. But no,
my wife is tough.
>> But who was who was the toughest in the
ring opponent? Like which fight it you
know
>> I tell you I mean they they all had
their thing, their talent, their power,
their like Roberto I mean like uh
marvelous Marvin Haggler. He was
ambidextrous. He was fast, powerful,
strong, could punch. Tommy Hearn's tall,
fast, power, Durant. So
>> I just That's just I'm telling the
truth.
>> And then
>> Yeah.
>> And then Sugar Leonard came back and
beat Duran another time. So he won the
Nas fight, then he come back and beat
him again uh later. But while we're
working on getting the the clip for the
end of the Tommy Hearns fight, we'll do
Tommy Hearns first and Marvin Haggler.
There's something that you shared at
dinner last night with me and and I
would never, you know, go to a place
that anybody doesn't want to go to cuz
I, you know, I don't think it's
relevant. Um, unless they do. And for
Rey, it's very relevant cuz he had some
other challenges during his life that he
powered back from uh amazingly and
beautifully. So, is there anything that
you'd like to share about some other,
you know, challenges that you came back
from?
>> Well, I I'm an alcoholic. I've been
sober now for 18 years.
[applause]
You know,
and you know, it's it's interesting that
as much as I had achieved in the ring
and then what have you, uh, I wasn't
totally happy. I was, you know, I I was
happy that I was able to take care of my
my parents and my siblings, uh, my
friends,
just people in general, and I help, but
all of a sudden I all I was, my life was
not fulfilled. I was not I was not
totally happy.
>> And I went to drinking
and uh and I and again, I'm I'm kind of
shy to a degree, but I when I drank, I
felt good. I was like, "Yeah, and I can
dance, too." When I was [laughter] when
I was drunk, I I did tons of cocaine,
you know, but you know what? And uh
because I heard my my mother found out
that I was doing drugs and alcohol and I
just cold took I just stopped doing
cocaine. I just stopped all of a sudden.
The alcohol was a different story
because I was, you know, I I go into a
bar or whatever, just take a couple
drinks always to tequil. Who likes to
kill them?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't drink
too many?
>> No. Yes. Just two a day. [laughter]
>> No. But and I I tell you and I and I
support I support a
>> That's what got me out.
FL.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes.
>> You know, and
>> you know, from from the book, it sounded
like, at least from the book, and we
talked about it at dinner last night,
that maybe there was some people around
you. You had some people around you that
loved you very much and wanted to
protect you and help you. But it also
sounded like sometimes there were people
around you that wanted to use you and
take from you and maybe that had
something to do with some of this at
least. You know what is that true, not
true? Like what what was how how'd you
deal with the people around you?
>> Life is not perfect period. And you know
what? You sometimes you find out the
hard way or the right way, but there's
never really just a right way. But you
know what? It's it's it's within you.
It's you. You you you can make your life
better. And I I tell you, like in the
boxing ring, I I I went the distance. It
life I want to go the distance, too. And
I you know, I feel good. And thank God
for sure.
>> Awesome.
Thank you. Yeah.
>> [applause]
>> And then Tank, do we have um or Michael,
do we have um the Seven Up commercial or
do you not?
>> Seven Up.
>> Let's see that. Let's see that for fun.
>> The Seven Up. Really?
>> Yeah.
>> A long time ago.
>> Yes. So, this is Sugar Ray Leonard
transcends boxing and please.
>> Okay.
Oh my
go. [music]
>> Wow. I got this.
>> No, that's just my dad.
>> Thank you for that. That is amazing.
That is amazing. [applause]
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And we had the blessing of having um
Sugar Ray Leonard Jr. on the Heart of
Influence a couple years ago and I
shared that with Ray last night as well.
And I mean like just make the sound of
how that feels in your heart.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And and that's what this man did.
transcend to boxing like and and he also
was a great analyst as I explained for
boxing and he was fun and funny and
brilliant and witty, clear, precise and
you know what I think also was is a very
true thing just you know so you guys
know that most athletes um things don't
end well for them financially
um they're not appropriately taken care
of and protected but you know I'll
anything you want to stand at Ray or
not, but a lot of the the names we've
mentioned that Ry fought, they they did
not end up in a good place financially.
They did not end up in a place where um
they were living in a secure, positive
environment. And Ray won that game, too.
He won that battle. He won that fight.
And he lives a beautiful life and he has
abundance and security and positive
things. And so, let's also give up for
that.
>> Thank you. Thank you. [applause]
Yeah. And any anything you want to say
about that, Ray? How did you you know, a
lot of guys, you know, ended up in
really really bad places and you ended
up in a really really beautiful place
and anything that you attribute that to?
Was there anybody who helped protect you
or anything you want to share?
>> Yeah. Um, it it just didn't happen. Um,
a friend of mine,
uh, James Morton,
uh, after the Olympics said, "You want
you going to train? Are you training
pro?"
And I said, "No, because I I didn't want
to turn pro."
I was I was kind of through. I was I
wanted to go to the University of
Maryland because I had a scholarship and
uh further my education, get a a good
job and you know help out to some degree
my parents.
And when Jon said, "Ray, you know, you
can make some good money."
I I did that and I I landed up, you
know, I let him take care of everything
financially and everything. And he
introduced me to a guy named Mike
Trainer. Mike Trainer is my attorney.
and God bless him. U because he's no
longer with us, but he took care of me
big time. U he made me an independent
boxer for the most part.
>> And uh I just had good people around. I
I had just good people around me.
>> Yeah.
>> And all I had to do was get in my ring
and take care of business.
>> That's awesome.
>> And it happened so wonderful. And
>> And you said you said no to Don King, I
think. Is that right?
>> Oh, Don King. Yeah. I mean, you know,
Don, he said, "Ray, you know, you need
to come with me."
And as Don King is not always known, he
said, "You don't need no white people."
No, he did say he did say that. I'm
like, I don't I don't think about that.
And um thank God I didn't go with them.
But, you know, again, I I I feel so
blessed, man. I really do.
>> And I again, I get somewhat overe
emotional because I I think from where
I've come from, from how long I've been
away and what's I've dealt with and all
the other things that came with this. I
I'm a I'm a I'm a blessed man.
>> And you've been married? Yeah. I'm a
blessed I'm a blessed man.
>> And and Ray's Ray's got a beautiful
wife. He's been he's been married to for
32 years now. Uh a beautiful marriage.
And
>> he loses the He loses the fights, but he
wins the game of life and marriage. So
that
>> Yeah. Yeah. But who know who I mean? You
guys not old enough to know the the go
the singers. Uh the platters my wife.
Yeah. PL. Yeah. Yeah.
You're not old enough to know the
platters. [laughter]
>> Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
>> Wait. Sugar Ray her husband's parent is
is are you going to fight Sugar Ray
soon? Like what's happening here?
[laughter]
>> What's that?
>> He was in or Lance. Yeah. So he's going
to be fighting the people in the front.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So do we have Michael? Do we have
um do we have yet the Hearn's ending?
>> Let's hit it.
>> Tommy Tommy still calls me.
Yeah. [cheering]
Now it's 44.
>> He's got to grab him.
Gives him no rest.
Is in real trouble.
>> Got a punch.
>> Grab a hold of him, which he's not
doing. No, he's too weak. He has nothing
left. He's going to be knocked out.
[cheering]
[applause]
>> Silver.
>> [applause]
>> Well, actually, actually, he cooperated.
>> No, no, it's a bad joke.
>> And is it true that Tommy Hearn still
calls you? Wants to fight you still?
>> Yeah, he [laughter]
Tommy calls me every few months. Great.
That's you and I go for I said, Tommy,
have you looked in the mirror?
[laughter]
>> Oh, yeah. And he's not joking. Like
that's like
>> Oh, he's not Oh, he's not joking.
So trust me. Yeah.
>> So then and and this will be uh our last
piece of the the the boxing part as we
begin to round the bend with Mr. Sugar
Leonard. Um so then um there's this guy
Marvin Haggler
and he is in a um heavier weight class
than Sugar Ray Leonard for those that
don't know that. And everybody's like
this guy's unbeatable. So whatever
Roberto Duran was, everybody's like,
"No, no, no, no." Including my dad.
Yeah.
>> Is like, "No, no, no, no, no. Sugar Ray
Leonard is going to get eaten alive by
Marvin Haggler. This is going to be the
greatest beatd down in history." So what
what was that like leading up to this
fight where everybody's and Sugar
Leonard had not fought
>> five years?
>> Five years. Like this big gap in his
career is going on, right? There's like
one thing little fight in between.
crush somebody. But so everybody's like,
"No, no, no, no, no, no way." So what
what was that like for you leading up to
it? And of course, we're going to show
what happens.
>> Well, I mean I mean again, I've been out
of the ring for five years. No, no
fights. Um had a partial detached
retina.
Um
I mean, my my family cried every day. I
mean, when I would see them, so I
stopped seeing them.
But
I trained for like a year and went out
there and people believed they well they
prayed.
I also say they believed in me but no
they prayed for me.
>> Yeah. Even people closest to him. So he
he was in the boxing team at HBO with a
guy named Larry Merchant. And even Larry
Merchant was betting was predicting that
Sugar Ray Leonard was going to beat um
Mar that Marvin Haggle was going to beat
Sugar Ray Leonard. The odds were three
and a half to one against him and Larry
Merchant I think as you wrote in the
book came in the ring before the fight
and said prove me wrong.
And you know, it was just this
impossible.
I pay $39.
I have all my friends from high school
over. They're all so sick and tired of
me talking about how much I love Sugar
Ray Leonard to be annoying. They're
rooting for Marvin Haggler in my house.
I bought the fight. They didn't give me
any money. $39 is like all the money I
had, like, you know, my draw in my room.
And I got to give it to my parents. And
now we're set. We got popcorn. We got
pizza and I'm like f you mother e f e f
e f e f e f e f e f e f e f e fer. Sugar
Leonard's going to win. This is what's
happening in 139 Viviian Avenue,
Emerson, New Jersey, my parents house
and we're getting ready to throw down
and what is going to be they're thinking
a beatdown of Sugar Ray Leonard. But I
know differently, Ray.
>> But do are you trying to re have me
reimburse you?
>> Yes. Yes. Do you have can I have the
$39, please? I I think you have it. Yes.
Yeah.
So
>> Darren, I want my 39 bucks. Yeah. Okay.
So, are we ready? Are we ready, team?
Here we go.
>> Pose himself on Ray and show who's boss.
[cheering]
>> That was a sharp right hand by
>> And if we don't have the decision at the
end, let's get the decision, too.
and Haggler a left hand
>> he had early on they vanished. Haggler
has let him into this fight. Or to put
it in a more positive way, Ray Leonard
has put himself into this fight. And now
he's starting even to taunt Haggler.
>> Smiling at him and just essentially
saying, "Come on." And just getting
angry. Don't question about it.
>> Right. When you slide under the guy,
stop him.
>> Don't grab him around the shoulder.
Don't grab the shoulder.
>> Flores and then get out. Come on, work
out.
[cheering]
>> Find the winner by decision
and
that's that was that was
>> Let's stand up for that.
[cheering and applause]
>> Thank you. Thank you. [applause]
Thank you.
Oh, thank you. Thank you. [applause]
And and f you Chris Nichol, Tom Fodico,
Chris Tomickey, Roy, all of y'all. Uh
cuz that was Sugar Ring Leonard doing
what people said was impossible but was
not impossible. And yeah, let's hear it
one more time for that.
>> Thanks, guys. [applause]
>> And and anything else, R? Anything else?
Anything else that you want these people
to know before we say thank you?
Anything else that you want them to know
as we part?
>> Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you, God. I love you.
>> God bless the champ. Bless here, champ.
The champ. The champ. The champ. The
champ. The champ. The champ. The champ.
The champ.
>> Come on. Back down. LET'S HEAR IT FOR
SURE.